What about Xiaoqing?
Didn't bring him
What are you doing here?
He has a man outside
What!
What nonsense are you talking about?
Xiaoqing is not that kind of person
Don't ruin his reputation.
My own sister
Can there be fakes?
Is there any misunderstanding?
I called him the day I returned home
I heard another man's voice
I also lied to myself that it was a misunderstanding
I came to pick him up today
He was sure that a man was happy
So what are you going to do now?
Divorced Beiting?
I know you're angry right now
Think about it from Xiaoqin's point of view
A girl?
With a man I've only met once
The flash marriage just got the certificate and the husband disappeared again
He has no feelings for his flash marriage husband
Meet the right person during this time
It doesn't seem wrong
So
Why don't we wait for him to initiate a divorce?
Make room for each other
If I hadn't looked at your face
I've already let this pair
Dog men and women have disappeared from our Xiangjiang city
I don't mention it to them
When he was having sex with another man
Why didn't you think of giving me enough money?